# Market Penetration strategies for Youtube
- Price Adjustment: The strategy of Price Adjustment is one of the most widely used market penetration tactics. I would recommend lowering the price for premium service of Youtube with the aim of increasing the sales. Also, companies do also increase their price when they see that it will help their sales. 
But, in the real sense, this strategy should be used very judiciously as overdoing it can lead to adverse results. Like, increasing the price consistently may make the customers believe that the company is on high-profit motive. Decreasing the price too often would make them believe that the products are of sub-standard quality.
Augmented promotion: The drastic increase in promotion of a product (or service) can lead to dramatic results. Increasing Youtube’s advertising and marketing budgets for greater brand awareness will claim a larger slice of the marketplace. Like increasing the ads on different platforms and other marketing strategies. However, the thing to be considered is that whatever be the size of the campaign, it must be well-planned and thought-out. An easy to counter promotional campaign would be simply ruined by competitors in this age of cut-throat competition.

- Distribution Channels: The strategy of Distribution Channels is one of the most constructive market penetration strategies. This strategy typically involves opening of new distribution channels by focusing on a particular distribution channel. For example if App stores are the primary distribution channels more channels should be considered like; In-App Purchases, Resellers, White Label Resellers, Other Technology Providers ( That  will Embed Youtube’s Offering Within Their Technology Offering ), Referral program. Etc.
Such opening of new distribution channels pave the way for more new channels and thus lead to increased market space and overall profitability.

- Improving Products: It is true that to really appeal to customers, companies must improve their product quality. However, sometimes by communicating to them about the better standard of the product itself can do the trick and no major improvement in the product may be needed. This is because most consumers are encouraged to buy a product just by its appeal and do not necessarily check whether it proves itself or not. Thus, only by doing slight adjustments with the product and its packaging can appeal more strongly and increase Youtube’s sales revenue. Features improvements recommended mentioned earlier can be looked into.

- Be unique and think differently: Although, the entire process of market penetration seems simple and monotonous, yet it’s a big challenge if you perceive it to be. To overcome the challenge, companies need to be more unique and highly innovative in their approach. A repetitive selling strategy would yield unsatisfactory results and hinder their growth potential. So, it would be better for Youtube to think differently and modify their penetration tactics as and when required. By being more innovative and adding value to their products they enhance their success chances.

- Educate your customers: This is important as many times people are unaware of the quality of the product and how it could be of use to them. Youtube can organize a system on how to educate their users of their products, core features and how to use them. This education will really be helpful when a new feature is about to be released or has been released.

- Changing product designs: By making the product in a more user-friendly manner, Youtube’s chances of sales conversion significantly get a lift.

- Improve customer experience: Many companies spend money marketing and advertising their product but forget to invest in customer services, which has drawn many users to their product but has caused the retention rate to be low and the churn rate increases on a daily basis. Youtube has to make sure that their customer services are always on point to help out their users at every point in time.

